Implement key part sort order. (#8915)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-5529-key-part-sort-order.md

## feature/box

> * It's possible to specify the sort order of each index part now (gh-5529).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now it is possible to specify the sort order for each part of the index (gh-5529).
```
